well day two of week two is all wrapped
up and we now know that Samsung is
making it out of groups I'm here with
ambitions while surely who's gonna help
translate ambition a lot of people
expect Korean teams to always make it
out in the first seed unfortunately you
weren't able to do that today
why do you think that is okay too chewy
got a Sin Eater Cody Turkish mica
Kingdom Delta I guess in the end grown
accounts rocky in England eh we got some
better Rondo cocky Haji Putin could you
go sure so the rate among creatures who
did also combine issues at Tammany
taganga tar greatest in Boston Mira in
my opinion all Chinese teams are great
enough to beat Korean teams in any game
however in regarding today's game and
yesterday came vs. orangie I think we're
not prepared perfectly against them and
we had made a huge blunder and that led
to the loss of the two games now what do
you think or what do you think your
chances are in the next the next year we
got some flashes going off in the next
next week because you'll be moving on to
quarterfinals you'll be facing first see
teams so what do you think your chances
are Rasika Damien patterns we didn't
integrate the Kotick addition that Maria
come on cocky so I just hang out and
chill I'll get there when I scored to me
it's how I did all love and enjoy a team
so TSM got both crong some cup count him
didn't you
Creusot a single game button go tell
nothing about not embodied okay so
Johnny Oh Johnny take walk well Crouch
SR nope okay and Boogaloo Katya well in
my opinion if all Korean teams now are
stated is the first set into the next
round and I think it was still bit
difficult and if that's not the case
there will be others
strong teams including TSM therefore the
chances are 50/50 no matter what team we
fight against therefore it will be a
very difficult journey so we just have
no choice but to try our best
now you have been playing for quite some
time I remember interviewing you many
many many years ago was it like for you
to be at this World Championship and
sort of see the progress of
international competition over the years
then also doing Toby dunk yogi in there
okay what they want to accomplish and a
beyond 200 and include a satyric at
sinning they're gonna cut down with your
students become geek I could take him
over sometime cause I hung up on tour a
history on some to ask Akane running out
on hollandaise take your table and take
a chomp oh okay
so chunky tiptoe sorry Sakura and so
taking some chai wasn't big work-related
so tall rich is hockey at all possible
tea in the hotel well as I see these
international stages and competitions to
scale up I was like well no only if I
was a little bit younger then I could
play it just now for longer but on the
other hand because I was here from the
very first face so I'm very confident
about that and I tried to do my best to
continue to be here with other players
is it fun for you to see any of the
familiar faces that have been competing
for as long as you have is how to color
at Dawn's it's good event anions around
the castle but not a madam Tomiko grand
gaia Oh take a pan Gong what did you
take a bunny sown do turnin turnin Tom
Taylor I was it a possibly junkie okay
bunny damn near got here one again it's
already a tall person okay take Kenny we
won't dog as a single number think it
was from chrome Rockwell
I'm Cameron could Sharon come Judy to
solid I'm done in-game take a chance on
okay done well yes there are a lot of
familiar faces and that I'm happy to say
because I was here from the very first
World Series so I know a lot of them but
one by one left the stage so there are
only a few left that I know so I just
become became tuna cheer for them and
I'm really feel great to see them but on
the other hand I really respect them
that they survived out of such fierce
competition is everything that you would
like to say to any of your Western fans
who have been watching you for so long
and maybe are still cheering you on at
this event good you can do it just go
get see in this Hawk we're pimping DK
Hamas unprotected Amida check out your
order terrible testicle oh no need take
a button 28 order one head you see
karate quick well awesome when it comes
out you go Karuma diplomacy toro nomicon
get stuck there similar focus Meudon
well first of all I'm sorry I'm not
really fluent in English that I can
inspect in English but I believe there
are a lot of fans cheering for me so I
really appreciated and in order to pay
you back today I'll do my best to get
bring you more great performance well
thank you so much for the interview
ambition thank you surely for the
translation for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things world's right here on my
youtube channel I want to thank you all
so much for the kind words and support
about my videos here in China I've been
trying to put out a ton of great stuff
and you know what it wouldn't be
possible if it wasn't for my sponsor
MOBA lytx they are all about helping you
try to get better at League of Legends
by identifying your personal strengths
and weaknesses and you can actually
check them out over at mobile EKG
/ Travis they're also running a great
giveaway that's in the description of
this video so feel free to check them
out